Update sui-local-network.md (#9556)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/build/sui-local-network.md

pnpm sdk test:e2e
```

> ** Troubleshooting ** if you encounter `Retrying requesting from faucet: Retry failed: fetch is not defined`, you need to switch to [NodeJs 18](https://nodejs.org/de/blog/announcements/v18-release-announce).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting

If you do not use [Node.js 18](https://nodejs.org/de/blog/announcements/v18-release-announce), you might see the following message:
 
`Retrying requesting from faucet: Retry failed: fetch is not defined`

To resolve this, switch or update to Node.js 18 and then try again. 
```
